README.md, before:

<!-- HEADER SECTION -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AndriiBanduliak/AndriiBanduliak/main/header_banner.png" alt="Andrii Banduliak - Python Developer" width="100%"/>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Hi there, I'm Andrii 👋</h1>

<h3 align="center">
  <em>Python Developer | Data Engineer | ML Enthusiast</em>
</h3>

<p align="center">
  <em>From 9+ years in Law to a new chapter in Code.</em><br>
  <em>I specialize in turning complex requirements into clean, efficient, and reliable software solutions.</em><br>
  <em>Passionate about automation, data engineering, and building scalable systems.</em>
</p>

---

<!-- CONNECT WITH ME -->
<h3 align="center">Connect with me</h3>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrii-banduliak/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://t.me/attorneyaba_227" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white" alt="Telegram"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://wa.me/4916091441767" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-25D366?style=for-the-badge&logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white" alt="WhatsApp"/>
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:aobanduliak@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Gmail"/>
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=AndriiBanduliak&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt="Profile Views"/>
</p>

---

<!-- ABOUT -->
## 🚀 About Me

> **Career Transitioner** | **Problem Solver** | **Continuous Learner**

After 9+ years practicing law, I transitioned to software development, bringing analytical thinking and attention to detail from legal practice to code. I'm driven by challenges and passionate about building robust, scalable solutions.

**💼 Currently focusing on:**
- Backend development with Python
- QA Automation & Testing
- Data Engineering & Analytics
- Machine Learning & MLOps

**♿ Accessibility Note:** I use a wheelchair for mobility, so an accessible work environment is essential for me to do my best work.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)

### Machine Learning & Data Science
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-F7931E?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)

### Tools & Platforms
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google_Cloud-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white)

---

## 📂 Featured Projects

<details>
<summary><b>📦 SSB Security GmbH Internship Projects</b></summary>
<br>

A collection of projects developed during my internship at SSB Security GmbH. Includes automation bots, monitoring tools, games, and analytical solutions built with Python, Shell, and JavaScript.

**Technologies:** `Python` `Shell` `JavaScript` `Bots` `Analytics`

➡️ [View Repository](https://github.com/AndriiBanduliak/SSB_GMbH_practice)

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>🎓 SoftServe Academy Projects (2023-2024)</b></summary>
<br>

A collection of practical projects completed during my studies at SoftServe IT Academy, showcasing my learning journey and hands-on experience in Python development.

**Technologies:** `Python` `Learning Journey`

➡️ [View Repository](https://github.com/AndriiBanduliak/Softseve_2023-2024)

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>☁️ Google Cloud ML Engineer Learning Path</b></summary>
<br>

Personal notes, code implementations, and hands-on labs from completing the Google Cloud Machine Learning Engineer learning path. Covers ML fundamentals, MLOps, and cloud-native ML solutions.

**Technologies:** `Google Cloud` `Machine Learning` `MLOps` `TensorFlow`

➡️ [View Repository](https://github.com/AndriiBanduliak/GoogleCloud_Machine-Learning-Engineer-Learning-Path)

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>🐍 CS50P: Introduction to Python (Harvard)</b></summary>
<br>

Complete solutions and projects for Harvard's legendary CS50 Python course, demonstrating algorithmic thinking and Python best practices.

**Technologies:** `Python` `Algorithms` `CS50`

➡️ [View Repository](https://github.com/AndriiBanduliak/CS50PYTHON_2023)

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>💾 CS50S: Introduction to SQL (Harvard)</b></summary>
<br>

SQL exercises, database schemas, and practical demos from Harvard's CS50 SQL track, showcasing database design and query optimization skills.

**Technologies:** `SQL` `Database` `CS50`

➡️ [View Repository](https://github.com/AndriiBanduliak/cs50SQL2023)

</details>

---

## 🎓 Education & Certifications

### Professional Certifications
- **🏆 DeepLearning.AI TensorFlow Developer** - Professional Certificate
- **☁️ Google Cloud Skills Boost**
  - Data Analyst Learning Path
  - Data Engineer Learning Path
  - Machine Learning Engineer Learning Path

### University Courses
- **🏛️ HarvardX (edX)**
  - CS50x: Introduction to Computer Science
  - CS50P: Python Programming
  - CS50S: SQL Database

### Online Learning Platforms
- **📚 Coursera**
  - TensorFlow & Deep Learning Specializations
  - MLOps with Google Cloud
  - AI for Medicine Specialization

---

## 📊 GitHub Statistics

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=AndriiBanduliak&show_icons=true&theme=dracula&hide_border=true&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true" alt="GitHub Stats" height="165"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=AndriiBanduliak&layout=compact&theme=dracula&hide_border=true&langs_count=8" alt="Top Languages" height="165"/>
</p>



---

<p align="center">
  <em>Thanks for visiting my profile! Feel free to reach out if you'd like to connect or collaborate.</em>
</p>

Commit message:

Add community involvement and highlights to README
Co-authored-by: andr.judo <andr.judo@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

<!-- HEADER SECTION -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AndriiBanduliak/AndriiBanduliak/main/header_banner.png" alt="Andrii Banduliak - Python Developer" width="100%"/>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Hi there, I'm Andrii 👋</h1>

<h3 align="center">
  <em>Python Developer | Data Engineer | ML Enthusiast</em>
</h3>

<p align="center">
  <em>From 9+ years in Law to a new chapter in Code.</em><br>
  <em>I specialize in turning complex requirements into clean, efficient, and reliable software solutions.</em><br>
  <em>Passionate about automation, data engineering, and building scalable systems.</em>
</p>

---

<!-- CONNECT WITH ME -->
<h3 align="center">Connect with me</h3>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrii-banduliak/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://t.me/attorneyaba_227" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white" alt="Telegram"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://wa.me/4916091441767" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-25D366?style=for-the-badge&logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white" alt="WhatsApp"/>
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:aobanduliak@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Gmail"/>
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=AndriiBanduliak&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt="Profile Views"/>
</p>

---

<!-- ABOUT -->
## 🚀 About Me

> **Career Transitioner** | **Problem Solver** | **Continuous Learner**

After 9+ years practicing law, I transitioned to software development, bringing analytical thinking and attention to detail from legal practice to code. I'm driven by challenges and passionate about building robust, scalable solutions.

**Highlights:**
- Translate complex business requirements into production-ready automation and QA tooling.
- Bridge legal and engineering mindsets to design data workflows that surface actionable insight.
- Active member of the CyberBionic Systematics community, collaborating on Python, data, and ML initiatives.

**💼 Currently focusing on:**
- Backend development with Python
- QA Automation & Testing
- Data Engineering & Analytics
- Machine Learning & MLOps

**♿ Accessibility Note:** I use a wheelchair for mobility, so an accessible work environment is essential for me to do my best work.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)

### Machine Learning & Data Science
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-F7931E?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)

### Tools & Platforms
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google_Cloud-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white)

---

## 📂 Featured Projects

<details>
<summary><b>📦 SSB Security GmbH Internship Projects</b></summary>
<br>

A collection of projects developed during my internship at SSB Security GmbH. Includes automation bots, monitoring tools, games, and analytical solutions built with Python, Shell, and JavaScript.

**Technologies:** `Python` `Shell` `JavaScript` `Bots` `Analytics`

➡️ [View Repository](https://github.com/AndriiBanduliak/SSB_GMbH_practice)

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>🎓 SoftServe Academy Projects (2023-2024)</b></summary>
<br>

A collection of practical projects completed during my studies at SoftServe IT Academy, showcasing my learning journey and hands-on experience in Python development.

**Technologies:** `Python` `Learning Journey`

➡️ [View Repository](https://github.com/AndriiBanduliak/Softseve_2023-2024)

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>☁️ Google Cloud ML Engineer Learning Path</b></summary>
<br>

Personal notes, code implementations, and hands-on labs from completing the Google Cloud Machine Learning Engineer learning path. Covers ML fundamentals, MLOps, and cloud-native ML solutions.

**Technologies:** `Google Cloud` `Machine Learning` `MLOps` `TensorFlow`

➡️ [View Repository](https://github.com/AndriiBanduliak/GoogleCloud_Machine-Learning-Engineer-Learning-Path)

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>🐍 CS50P: Introduction to Python (Harvard)</b></summary>
<br>

Complete solutions and projects for Harvard's legendary CS50 Python course, demonstrating algorithmic thinking and Python best practices.

**Technologies:** `Python` `Algorithms` `CS50`

➡️ [View Repository](https://github.com/AndriiBanduliak/CS50PYTHON_2023)

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>💾 CS50S: Introduction to SQL (Harvard)</b></summary>
<br>

SQL exercises, database schemas, and practical demos from Harvard's CS50 SQL track, showcasing database design and query optimization skills.

**Technologies:** `SQL` `Database` `CS50`

➡️ [View Repository](https://github.com/AndriiBanduliak/cs50SQL2023)

</details>

---

## 🤝 Community & Knowledge Sharing

- **CyberBionic Systematics** — Contribute to study groups and knowledge-sharing sessions focused on Python automation, data engineering, and ML best practices.
- **SoftServe IT Academy Community** — Stay engaged with alumni to exchange feedback on portfolio projects and emerging technology trends.

---

## 🎓 Education & Certifications

### Professional Certifications
- **🏆 DeepLearning.AI TensorFlow Developer** - Professional Certificate
- **☁️ Google Cloud Skills Boost**
  - Data Analyst Learning Path
  - Data Engineer Learning Path
  - Machine Learning Engineer Learning Path

### University Courses
- **🏛️ HarvardX (edX)**
  - CS50x: Introduction to Computer Science
  - CS50P: Python Programming
  - CS50S: SQL Database

### Online Learning Platforms
- **📚 Coursera**
  - TensorFlow & Deep Learning Specializations
  - MLOps with Google Cloud
  - AI for Medicine Specialization

---

## 📊 GitHub Statistics

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=AndriiBanduliak&show_icons=true&theme=dracula&hide_border=true&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true" alt="GitHub Stats" height="165"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=AndriiBanduliak&layout=compact&theme=dracula&hide_border=true&langs_count=8" alt="Top Languages" height="165"/>
</p>



---

<p align="center">
  <em>Thanks for visiting my profile! Feel free to reach out if you'd like to connect or collaborate.</em>
</p>
